# Notes

- If you are happy with Vim, please express that by reading the rest of this
  file and consider helping needy children in Uganda.

- If you want to support further Vim development consider becoming a
  |sponsor|.  The money goes to Uganda anyway.

- According to Richard Stallman the Vim license is GNU GPL compatible.
  A few minor changes have been made since he checked it, but that should not
  make a difference.

- If you link Vim with a library that goes under the GNU GPL, this limits
  further distribution to the GNU GPL.  Also when you didn't actually change
  anything in Vim.

- Once a change is included that goes under the GNU GPL, this forces all
  further changes to also be made under the GNU GPL or a compatible license.

- If you distribute a modified version of Vim, you can include your name and
  contact information with the "--with-modified-by" configure argument or the
  MODIFIED_BY define.

==============================================================================
Kibaale Children's Centre

Kibaale Children's Centre (KCC) is located in Kibaale, a small town in the
south of Uganda, near Tanzania, in East Africa.  The area is known as Rakai
District.  The population is mostly farmers.  Although people are poor, there
is enough food.  But this district is suffering from AIDS more than any other
part of the world.  Some say that it started there.  Estimations are that 10
to 30% of the Ugandans are infected with HIV.  Because parents die, there are
many orphans.  In this district about 60,000 children have lost one or both
parents, out of a population of 350,000.  And this is still continuing.

The children need a lot of help.  The KCC is working hard to provide the needy
with food, medical care and education.  Food and medical care to keep them
healthy now, and education so that they can take care of themselves in the
future.  KCC works on a Christian base, but help is given to children of any
religion.

The key to solving the problems in this area is education.  This has been
neglected in the past years with president Idi Amin and the following civil
wars.  Now that the government is stable again, the children and parents have
to learn how to take care of themselves and how to avoid infections.  There is
also help for people who are ill and hungry, but the primary goal is to
prevent people from getting ill and to teach them how to grow healthy food.

Most of the orphans are living in an extended family.  An uncle or older
sister is taking care of them.  Because these families are big and the income
(if any) is low, a child is lucky if it gets healthy food.  Clothes, medical
care and schooling is beyond its reach.  To help these needy children, a
sponsorship program was put into place.  A child can be financially adopted.
For a few dollars a month KCC sees to it that the child gets indispensable
items, is healthy, goes to school and KCC takes care of anything else that
needs to be done for the child and the family that supports it.

Besides helping the child directly, the environment where the child grows up
needs to be improved.  KCC helps schools to improve their teaching methods.
There is a demonstration school at the centre and teacher trainings are given.
Health workers are being trained, hygiene education is carried out and
households are stimulated to build a proper latrine.  I helped setting up a
production site for cement slabs.  These are used to build a good latrine.
They are sold below cost price.

There is a small clinic at the project, which provides children and their
family with medical help.  When needed, transport to a hospital is offered.
Immunization programs are carried out and help is provided when an epidemic is
breaking out (measles and cholera have been a problem).

Summer 1994 to summer 1995 I spent a whole year at the centre, working as a
volunteer.  I have helped to expand the centre and worked in the area of water
and sanitation.  I learned that the help that the KCC provides really helps.
When I came back to Holland, I wanted to continue supporting KCC.  To do this
I'm raising funds and organizing the sponsorship program.  Please consider one
of these possibilities:

1.  Sponsor a child in primary school: 17 euro a month (or more).
2.  Sponsor a child in secondary school: 25 euro a month (or more).
3.  Sponsor the clinic: Any amount a month or quarter
4.  A one-time donation

Compared with other organizations that do child sponsorship the amounts are
very low.  This is because the money goes directly to the centre.  Less than
5% is used for administration.  This is possible because this is a small
organization that works with volunteers.  If you would like to sponsor a
child, you should have the intention to do this for at least one year.

How do you know that the money will be spent right?  First of all you have my
personal guarantee as the author of Vim.  I trust the people that are working
at the centre, I know them personally.  Furthermore, the centre has been
co-sponsored and inspected by World Vision, Save the Children Fund and is now
under the supervision of Pacific Academy Outreach Society.  The centre is
visited about once a year to check the progress (at our own cost).  I have
visited the centre myself many times, starting in 1993.  The visit reports are
on the ICCF web site.

If you have any further questions, send me e-mail: <Bram@vim.org>.

The address of the centre is:
			Kibaale Children's Centre
			p.o. box 1658
			Masaka, Uganda, East Africa

Sending money:

Check the ICCF web site for the latest information!  See |iccf| for the URL.

USA:		The methods mentioned below can be used.
		Sending a check to the Nehemiah Group Outreach Society (NGOS)
		is no longer possible, unfortunately. We are looking for
		another way to get you an IRS tax receipt. 
		For sponsoring a child contact KCF in Canada (see below). US
		checks can be sent to them to lower banking costs.

Canada:		Contact Kibaale Children's Fund (KCF) in Surrey, Canada.  They
		take care of the Canadian sponsors for the children in
		Kibaale.  KCF forwards 100% of the money to the project in
		Uganda.  You can send them a one time donation directly.
		Please send me a note so that I know what has been donated
		because of Vim.  Ask KCF for information about sponsorship.
			Kibaale Children's Fund c/o Pacific Academy
			10238-168 Street
			Surrey, B.C. V4N 1Z4
			Canada
			Phone: 604-581-5353
		If you make a donation to Kibaale Children's Fund (KCF) you
		will receive a tax receipt which can be submitted with your
		tax return.

Holland:	Transfer to the account of "Stichting ICCF Holland" in Lisse.
		This will allow for tax deduction if you live in Holland.
			Postbank, nr. 4548774
			IBAN: NL95 INGB 0004 5487 74

Germany:	It is possible to make donations that allow for a tax return.
		Check the ICCF web site for the latest information:
			http://iccf-holland.org/germany.html

World:		Use a postal money order.  That should be possible from any
		country, mostly from the post office.  Use this name (which is
		in my passport): "Abraham Moolenaar".  Use Euro for the
		currency if possible.

Europe:		Use a bank transfer if possible.  Your bank should have a form
		that you can use for this.  See "Others" below for the swift
		code and IBAN number.
		Any other method should work.  Ask for information about
		sponsorship.

Credit Card:	You can use PayPal to send money with a Credit card.  This is
		the most widely used Internet based payment system.  It's
		really simple to use.  Use this link to find more info:
		    https://www.paypal.com/en_US/mrb/pal=XAC62PML3GF8Q
		The e-mail address for sending the money to is:
		    Bram@iccf-holland.org
		For amounts above 400 Euro ($500) sending a check is
		preferred.

Others:		Transfer to one of these accounts if possible:
		    Postbank, account 4548774
				Swift code: INGB NL 2A
				IBAN: NL95 INGB 0004 5487 74
			under the name "stichting ICCF Holland", Lisse
		    If that doesn't work:
		    Rabobank Lisse, account 3765.05.117
				Swift code: RABO NL 2U
			under the name "Bram Moolenaar", Lisse
		Otherwise, send a check in euro or US dollars to the address
		below.  Minimal amount: $70 (my bank does not accept smaller
		amounts for foreign check, sorry)

Address to send checks to:
			Bram Moolenaar
			Finsterruetihof 1
			8134 Adliswil
			Switzerland

This address is expected to be valid for a long time.
