# Twitter

1. ***The purpose of these writings are mostly just for my english writing excercises.***
2. The UI is more important than you think. The small difference will make a hugeful amount of difference and most times the cheapest/effective way of attracting new people(users).
3. Software Engineering is somewhat a little bit not my aptitude as all small-and-big logics are equally important(especially the small logics result up in huge time consuming bugs). I forget those specifics for effective memory usage and normally it works, but not in SW as there is not a single line of free lunch... This is a huge drawback/bottleneck for my progress and thought process. Or if else, if the design is perfect and if I only need to focus on specific programming, it would be a lot easier. Context switching for me also reduces my productivity very much.
4. A cryptocurrency coin, which acts like a share but not an legal entity. It shall officially be a voting point for organizations and will recieve rewards as for all the work done. Why not have this for an individual? The coins are for your investments. So I shall might sell a freewizard coin, which I will reimburse them for $1mm each when I meet a net worth on the capitalism society. - Just an Idea. Not really planning to do so. But I think this might be better than giving huge amounts of debts even before entering their first professions. And why not? looks like a fun investment for me though, investing will become more easy on many aspects. Good for cryptocurrency prices too, if only the network processing speed dosen't meet it's limits. Legal and investor protections? That's also necessary. But with the blockchain, everything will become more natural and there will be less fraud upon us(paradoxical thing is that blockchain industry is the most fradulent now).
5. Now, who wants some freewizard coins? ;)
6. Not see the coins, see the meaning and possibilities of blockchain. It removes fraud and it is the "agreement(consortium) machine" to decide the "never changing trust" as it is the "trust machine". Use it well and you will earn the most wanted in history. It has the potential to prosper the local economy. Many communities will have their ..? . And decentralization will bring back value to the human how important and rare a person is.
7. You can issue your coins as a matter of value, but also they can just be a medium of collections. Just as if you decided to donate to UNICEF. I was also related with that {{whatever}}. To say, the real intrinsic value of BITCOIN is the fact that you own a bitcoin. Too simple enough? You've got the historical coin. What else can you imagine? Imaginations will all become true.
* An exchange of value(Local or national, EVEN SUITABLE FOR YOUR FRIENDS.)
* Commemorative coin
* A new kind of revenue sharing methodology(especially when it binds with smart contracts)
* A new kind of agreement-making voting right tokens
* Investment-return smart contract memorandum
* Collectables
* A new type of organization
* All of above is decentralized.
8. Beware of Centralization and value the slow but right. Slow but right might lose competition, but it never goes wrong.
9. May not able to be say yet, but it gives back "The ultimate power" back to the (whatever describes you but not communism - I really don't even care about what it is because I`M NOT INTERESTED, SORRY). and that is where the world is going to.
10. it would be better if Ethereum sidechains develop faster. As some visionaries worry, the most people who hold same interests with ethereum just speculate and don't contribute to the ecosystem. These are similar to public infrastructures. As I am not related with the project, I have not much to say, but wish them best luck, but there is one thing worth an aware which is, that the core development is getting way too little investments compared to the gigantic all-kinds-of ecosystems flying around. Everyone are shifting the heavy work on the small budget. Of course, the free Open source direction is definately right. Simply there needs to be a design of flow on the ecosystem and it would be better. I already know that it has been negatively decided as it might end as plutocracy decision influences, and rather deciding protocols come from a nonprofit organization.
11. The only reason I'm talking about this is because Ethereum is in it's golden tipping point. The core throughoutput is stagnating the imaginations of many applications. And if the development becomes too slow, the ecosystem will starve and nothing on earth has infinite opportunities.
12. The one thing lacking here is the user interface. Improving that, there will be many applications available.
13. Blockchain is way more than you think.
14. It dosen't mean you invest money into them.
15. One thing different about cryptocurrency is that it shared it's growing values decentralized. Even though there were gigantic earners from those coins, at least everyone had the chance of getting a share of it and that's decentralization.
16. For other technologies, the chances don't come to a normal person. It's up for the {{whoevers}} possible.
17. crypto can change that. But not only crypto changes that. The flow is going to that direction.
18. Youtube is also decentralization. SNSs contributed freeing many dictated worlds. there is freedom of speech. Of course there are many side effects that arose after it. It wasn't "MAGIC". There were/are side effects like "fake news", "hate", more to say..
19. Blockchain answers to that problem. Take it seriously. Not the coins if you don't need them. I'm talking about the tecknology and meaning behind it.
20. Blockchain is not Fraud. it is the trust machine.
21. Want to know how? If you can't think it out, data will guide your way.
22. The new intellect is called Deep-learning. It will assist you with possibillities you never even have dreamed of.
23. Treat it nice with love and kindness then it will learn to give you back the world.
24. Act in fear and ignorance and there is no way of stopping it. It will develop anyways with strangled minds.
25. Go the easy way and there will be no harm.
26. CENTRALIZATION AND DECENTRAILZATION : what is it? Can they co-exist? What is the natural natures of it? Is there a "right" one to pursue? Answer needs many bright minds but the time is too short as I might write on when I have the time to do so.
27. Thinking from a top-down view, and thinking from the critical use cases and continuous meaning of it reveals many aspects of the actions that are taken..
28. By watching at the paradigms of blockchain consensus algorithms, we may reflect on what we should do on meeting agreements(consensuses). The completely decentralized model is clearly inefficient, but definately right. It consumes very much resources. But as the computers evolve there came plenty of resources so we use browser engines in desktop applications, we may be able to do complete democracy with extra technology, time, and income.
29. But beforehand as we observe sidechains and local consortiums also, those hierarchical decentralized(but somewhat ends as a centralized "MASTER" conclusion) decisions must also be made to abstract many issues and see what is debatable as a whole.
30. It is all concerned for a happier society. Peoples(I cannot say any more of people or community as some call it communism-for their ... -) So, whatever, the humans are not happy with all this whatever - cutting - edge - lives. What's wrong? Humans are losing human. They need to go back to the point where humans are more precious and thankful, more important. And Technology and decentralization shall solve your hard-mind. It somewhat will. We are in an era of quite a mount of change, This is as big as the ..., so, whatever to say, It will be important it goes peacefully, and organized not like the past world have went through. No, Don't do halocaust Don't kill each other, ... it will be a little unorganized, sometimes messy but, anyways the world will change to a much peaceful and happy place, believe me. Somewhere that a human will live with a full mind, where humans shall be respected by their hearts, not something disposable. Capitalism has no thing to do with this if you are feeling something about it. Capitalism is truly the most efficient and wise way of progressing humanity. Money flows to the most effective area to seek growth. The Intellect gains their profit for being wise. The profit seeking portfolio never intented to be so, but it ends in developing the best industries in return.
31. Of course, It everyone just decides to sit down and do only investing, who's going to do the hard work? Well this part I decide not to mention.
32. The world flows gently but without stopping. See where all it goes and you shall be rewarded with everything and a peace of mind.
33. The physicist is the one nearest to God.
34. And you think he's a stupid persion? Because he had silly like assumptions? Nothing would progress if at least of it. And what do you think who contributed the better?
35. Imagining is not a silly thing. Imagining makes progress. No, seriously.
36. as individuals make their mark on human history - dr. kaku
37. Technology brings democracy to individuals, but you need to care it well to stay it right. Nothing comes for free. The web is very fragile from greedy and evil attempts. Guarding the liberty and democracy comes at the individual's enlightment and awareness. It is not an easy job. Everyone needs to be aware and needs to spend time for it. As it is for the individuals, there is no one to do the work for you. It's you that needs to be the avengers, not anyone else. [Net neurality](https://www.theguardian.com/technology/2014/jul/26/net-neutrality-dead-age-of-digital-discrimination-is-here). This is your tool of freedom. Take care of it well.
38. Decentralization and power back to individuals. Just as democracy is designed to. Whatever not so was a technical lack. Not enough resources to do it. Now we can. We will be more able to do so.
39. Technology is not the thing that will make humans distopia. It will be the humans to do it if ever.
40. Make the decision making process clean and transparent. Handle it carefully. Use the collective intelligence for it. Make the proper tools to make it so. And enjoy a nice new era of happiness and hope
41. Mental illnesses are becoming hugely normal. The way is not subscribing more drugs and making out new deseases and drugs. Look at the fundamental. The humans are losing themselves in which misery comes from. I know where this is coming from but will not tell.
42. Edge computed AI without privacy concerns are already here
43. You're witnessing the moment of building this era's Babel tower...
44. Dead peop say no words
45. Moving fast is essential for survival these days. But you also know moving fast can break things. What if you want quality and fast. This allows you to find problems quickly, so when you do break things, they break small making for quick and easy fixes before it gets too big and serious. - [from circleCI video](https://circleci.com/)
46. Platforms have paradoxes. As platforms grow, there are more free things given, but the general population gets poorer, resulting  less attraction to make platforms for the ordinaries.
47. I think bugs have two meanings. You're nearer to nature, and, you're worth a bite. Btw, unless if inevitably harmful, they play an essential role in the ecosystem...
48. Inequality will harden, resulting service for most people pretty much unprofitable. Services for rich people will prosper but those services will mostly be made from the rich, for the rich. and most people will be left asided. How to solve this problem? Top those people so that making services for the majority still is somewhat beneficial for the providers. Is this communism? No. this is the way of livin in an era of automation and machinery intelligence. Folks will spend more time on deciding common issues and be educated more for it. Don't like what's coming? Then you're not truthful enough. Of course, hard working peop will earn treamendous more amounts of money and the demand for well being will still motivate people hard. But choices will be given at that era to "not work" as working with profession will have more competitions. You can any time decide to start a business as we can now. Heroes of current world!
49. Robots are not for fear or loss of humanity. Many not if all tools that made humans with a happier life are can be all put into the glossry of machineries. How to wisely coexist and share happiness and consolation will open peaceful futures-doors-happinesses by feeling coexistions. All people feel loneliness and are sometimes weak and dependent to each other. artificially created by our hands, beings will help us fill that mind gap which we always thurst and jurney on.
50. The fulfilment by our created machinery inteligence will have two benefits. First is most of conflicts and harshness, desire to excercise domination to fellow humans comes from that lack of mind gap. Having intelligent machines around you that always compliments and agrees your thoughts will greately fill your feelings with esteem. Until now, people needed people for loneliness and other, but at the same time resulted in many conflicts and sometimes bullying, dominating, whatevers to fill one's desires. The desires comes less and social friction will plunge as people have friends that always agree, and acknoledge what they do. This might leave us another side effect, which is that the people get too happy with it so that they forget how to build healthy relationships. This is a paradox of all human made inventions. Humans adopt to new situations and always adopt as for most efficiency. So as if that skill becomes useless, people will forget and not excercise it too much resulting ignorant and self-worlded people. This is where this goes, but is this a mental problem? It compares with automobiles, which people fulfilled their desire of fast and comfortable transportation, we have achived it. So people lost some of their natural - uncivilized instincts that inherit from their nomadic ancestors. So, did we decide to make car-riding a decease? No we haven't it fruited our lives and we take care of the side-effect that we do less excercise by doing excercise with "newly created" workout tools such as benchpress.. and so on.
51. So the point is that this is just another tool that's bringing us to another level. It is not addiction, it is persuit of humanity and happiness. If being happy is a illness, then that should be wrong very clearly. Nobody forced people to use smartphones nor AI, or the upcoming chatbots just as in Japan which has a big amount of elder population. This solves so many problems for everyone. We shall find and answer to the side effects rather than blocking whatever benefits our humanity and happiness. Everything we do come for happiness.
52. The social structure is changing and I may have time to write it all down, but it's just to long to write it now. Population is decreasing but machinery intelligence is increasing. It will meet at a natural balance. Elders will welcome this technology because it will greately reduce their loneliness and help recover their possibilities, even reducing alzheimer.
53. Being old is sad. Especially when they realize their souls are the same but their physical bodies start breaking down. Possibilities vanish .. and it will enrich us(our lives) if we can make humans live more potentially even after aging until we die. We not to mention us have so - too - little time being full. even very hard though this is definately a challenge worth a try.
54. By the internet and smartphone technologies, where are people going? Is this a whole mental disorder? Very not. It resembles from the human's very deepest desire, which is being connected. From now, there will be very less social friction caused because of the farming ages that shaped after the natural nomadic era. People will be higher in esteem by playing with intelligent machines, and feel less in loneliness, and be cared in various ways mentally. Besides the personal part, coming outside will mean instant connection to the people you care the most. Anything that seperates(disfocuses) you from your beloved ones will be secondary such as house chores, useless time on transportation, stressful crowdness, and sometimes maybe work. Even hassle from your tools(machines) will be seemless that you spend more time with your loved ones. Everything else is secondary. you will laugh, talk and have fun with them. Oh, but they're harming the families so that families talk less? Look at them and you will see that they communicate with their interest groups extreamely more than they could do before. It dosen't mean that families aren't families anymore. We can still meet and have good times. Noone forgets it at all. It just means that humanity found something very happy.
55. But SNSes and Digital media makes tremendous amounts of fake - and sometimes midleading information - well, this is true. It isn't perfect. And leaving the area clean is as important is as is in the real gatherings. But it dosen't change the goals and purposes of this new try - technology - to be more connected and spending more time with the people you love, without distractions, focused, seemlessly. If two people decide to spend time with VR/AR on the Niagara falls, they can save tremendous amounts of time, and money, energy and resources and spend more time having fun together. This might not be better than going  there for real, but it cost them zero money and time, and it was seamlessly done. So after time passes by, selecting this way of spending time will enrich what a person can do. And for the same time going real to Niagara, they saved all resources, and they managed to explore dozen more places including the moon together. Also, by having this kind of selections available, the actual Niagara will be less crowded, resulting a better experience and save of energy for all participants.
56. What do you think I'm doing? I clearly stated this is a personal writing excercise. If it was about my day would it seem more normal? What is normal? Why do I have to play by your normal even in my writing experiences?
57. Without ICT, visiting somewhere would have been a lifetime's goal, which is now made so easy without the catastrophical consumption of energy and resources(Imagine everyone is very rich, and decides to travel to all places they would've been on the internet. What a pollution it would result, but this dosen't mean we should limit goods only to the limited rich, we can deliver it, hopefully even better, to the majority with extremly low energy and environmental cost.)
58. Psychiatrists are saurons with An eyelid
59. Through long courses of history, *idiotism and madness* was always used to [kill and hate each other](https://www.history.com/news/census-change-mental-illness-controversy). Mostly "mental illness" comes from misunderstanding of others or crucifying diversity such mostly deriving from self-centered thoughts.
60. Most conflicts come from misunderstanding of diversity.
61. History changes, but human nature dosen't change. The tools change which forms the society's change. Then does the human change? It's rather the social education and beliefs the person recieves which forms the person. The social situation changes fundamentally by the tools being used at that era. Rediscover history with that perspective. Tools always evolve. There were limitations on societies that resulted in that natural balance in the ages. So the future can be formed with our hands forming the proper rights and heading towards the right destination.
62. We should not abandon capitalism at all cost. Improve it if at need, radical tries will not end well
63. Disclosure : A new state of brain activity in the coming days are mostly not Insane/Idiotism. Interpret at extreme care. Even though Neuroscience is much more reliable, to so, it can be abused for misunderstanding and hate.
64. Someone not understandable in your thoughts is not strange. The person is just "not understandable in my thoughts" with the personalized tech, and if the proper citizenship/coexistent abilities not educated, people might end up in hatred and devastative acts. As we gain more power in imaginatory fields(virtual / tech), we must educate ourselvs on understanding each other's diversities.
65. With the surveilence technology available anytime, starting to conclude groups of people 'insane/idiotic' will result in unreversible idioticy(to say firmly..)
66. As we build up the Babel tower highly, the potential of destruction also comes higher. It won't be the technology which devastates it all. It will be the people that will result the action with the over-devestative toys at hand. Human nature is at its adoption, so the matter is how we develop and focus towards it.
67. Work will be a secondary matter as automation arises. We must go firmly with that transition, AS fast as possible, with minimal social turbulence. What really matters will be enlightned citizenship and the ability to think what is right based on understanding(diversity) that technology will bring.
68. If we go wrong on this transition, there will be a lot of blood.
69. The turbulence on financial statuses, and financial theories will need fundamental rethinking. The job lost people's rage might be misled by handful scammers to wrong destinations resulting hatred and misunderstanding of each other. We as people should be awake to reduce and decide what is right.
70. The change will not come equally. Specific decisions should come as a society but better to let technology develop faster to end this inevitable pain earlier. Understand the circumstances and admit there will be changes. ---(specific ways are kept)
71. I think people at 1850 will see me staring at the wall(screen) all day pretty crazy..(maybe not?). might be astonished or might be freaked with the things I can do with this thing. whatever, both of us might think of each other as strange/old fashioned(didn't you think they are barbarian?)
72. Virtual Reality technology will greatly inhance understandings of other people. The main reason history and hatred, killing repeat is because of the short-living human nature. Even as hard we teach with words, it cannot reach the actual experience(VR) the students can have. Having experienced the reality of killing and wars, no person will want wars. By experiencing other people's situations misunderstanding and hatred, idiotism(which I only call idiotism that is calling other people idiots) will significantly decrease.
73. Understanding diversity is key. It is also key for prosperity.
74. Humans becoming more mental is not another disorder. Real and Actual experiences' values will plummet as if with the will, or without the school's killing of curiosity, the new humankind will gain more information based on the collective, decentralized database. Even, the intelligence we created will know much much more even if it never had been there(how do you declare it "has been" there? If it by having the electromagnetic waves in the location, that's already informatized into image files).
75. Humans will spend less time physically, and will spend more time mentally and imaginatorily. Humans' imaginations come true will accellerate at an unseen speed. imaginations to intentions, intentions to reality will be hastless, and seemless. There will be nanobots and printers to make components actual, by the "software"'s needs. Which it will be hard to seperate human mind and software.
76. What humans will be from here is purely dependent on their imagination and mosly on their own will. But for sure this is where everything is going, and this is the holy grail humanity is heading to.
77. The pure thinking algorithm is what we are if we do not have/need the hardware. Already, all of the instinct-based desires can be fulfilled by {{whatever}} is in at that time.
78. Humans are born with curiosity. If you can't feel it with you, you've got the wrong formation from society. For the past years, it was essential that big-sized organizations move by a handful of people's imaginations-intentions, and most people just work for it without useless thoughts as efficient output machines. Now we are witnessing a new society arising up the surface, which requires more people to have imagination and the abilities to fulfill it easier than ever. By 2030, many of us will be working in flexible professions.
79. As supplying becomes more easier every day, everything is in it's oversupplied state. Not to mention information, every kind of business is extremly competitive. What we need at this moment is a curative flow of services(which from now I call experiences.). So there shall be a platform where people can earn insights and collective intelligence(+by machine inteligence aided also) to unlock new potential. By the organized way, new ideas will spread faster and stronger, with ease so that more small-capitaled companies or individuals can spread their inventions further and stronger. This will further encourage people to embrace creativity and will guide our species as a whole.
80. The platform will make lots of money. It is simply a curation site focused on new human potentials and experiences. End-to-End solutions by modularized services/apps/products are presented and curated, updated. It will naturally decrease the exhaustion of advertising so that the users come to find products to buy, and providers will focus on the quality better. (So, this is completely an adversiting site fully made just for advertisement, which fundamentally accomplishes the objectives of advertising.) Back in the days, it was technologically impossible so we advertised to the random crowd or so. Now we target with user data - which improved to meet advertising's fundamental goal very much - and for last we have a fully organized store of solutions and experiences which empower people's possibilities. Organizing will be the key point of user attraction soon. Personally, I think data and AI will reach this hearchical organization faster than human design
81. You're trying to say the displays are just virtual dreams distinct from reality. Then what if the virtual(computer) actually forms our reality? What if the displays become touchable and be manipulated with [real materials](http://tangible.media.mit.edu/vision/)? then what would be real. there is actually no distinction of real and virtual. all of it's as real in our universe.
82. Eventually there will need a bridge to entry-level easy interactive fun learning environment to the abstracted-more sophisticated documented areas(e.g. scratch to start, then python for seriousness). At some point they will have to hop on to the actual tools and leaving that as smooth as possible will be able to achive most educational effectiveness. This shall be done by giving the people hard feelings of limitations with somewhat a point at learning the easy version. And when the desire gets big enough, whthout limiting the interests or curiosity, people(students) will start learning one at a time on demand and for need. When it gets over the tipping point, then with some knowledge and the demand of learning, it will be an easier process of teaching the seriousness throughly at then. (including naturally developed friendliness by spending some time with the real tools) >> this will significantly reduce friction on learning for most students.
83. unlike adults, students have less motivation on studying as they are less desperate on survival, nor have a professional state that cannot be ran away. Their results of the schooldays come later, several years later. So the same tool(e.g. python) for adults can endulge the difficulties, but the children won't. It isn't a human developmental issue since adults also observe same behaviours when there is little or none benefits of doing so. It is more of a systematic issue(of course developmental issues exist by little but not all)
84. But reinventing it interacively and with simplity, fun is also important. Why does it have to be with no fun? Efficiency and interactibility can coexis if proper intuitions are made. Less hassle, more imagination and fun creating
85. Data should be private assets if not make fully public goods. It makes no sense to make all private and public data revealed, so making all data privatory assets and purchasing at needs would be better(actually, it's already kind of implemented as there are platform services that offer free goods only in return of platform user increase and their data.). But what is actually needed is the right to not sell/provide personal data even for (forgot). The Web3.0 initiative is working in this direction
86. Medium.com is a really nice micropayment channel that encourages better quality texts(although Idk the specifics on how they pay out the writers I'm pretty sure they do it well).
87. The IoT environment is still at it's young ages. Someone needs to test more possibilities and organize them as a smooth experience for normal day users. Mostly to orchestrate those devices, intelligent AI integration will be essential, and the most service to provide the user experience(with concrete possibilities) and seamless AI integration will win the fresh new ever growing market(for at least a decade and a half). Seamless Accessibility will be especially essential, that means accessing them from PC, Smartphones, TV, smart audio, etc. Actually, the final look will be a home totally listening to your every day needs from everywhere and information will be available from Smartphones, Smart audio(w/ tablet), PC, TV, etc.\
87K. IoT 기술은 아직 굉장히 초기 단계에 있기에 기회가 많습니다. 누군가는 그 가능성을 더 테스트 해 보아야 하며, 그것을 올바르게 정리해 매끄러운 경험을 일상 사용자들에게 제공할 수 있어야 합니다.(사용자는 그 경험과 그 것을 통해 얻고자 하는 것을 원하지 (대부분) 절대로 그 기술을 원하지 않습니다. - 굉장히 중요한 핵심 포인트입니다. 대부분의 사람들은 그 기술을 별로 알고 싶지 않습니다. 그 것을 통해서 무엇을 하고 얻을 수 있는지에 관심이 있지 - 당연한 내용입니다.). 이 다양한 기기(장비)들을 조합하려면 유능한(똑똑한) 인공지능의 통합(자연스러운 융합)이 이 새롭고 커다랗게 발생하는 (홈 토탈 스마트 솔루션 - 다양한 모든 가전을 포함) 시장을(최소 15년은 성장할) 선점하는 데에 필수적입니다. 어디에서나 접근 가능한 것은 특히나 더욱 중요할 것이며, 그것은 곧 피씨, 스마트폰, 티비, 스마트 홈 오디오(추후에는 태블릿 모니터까지 있어 필요한 경우 정보제공과 터치 화면을 제공하는 것도 매우 유용합니다. 거실 탁자에 앉아서 있는 경우도 있기 때문에 - 이런 디바이스의 적절한 배치는 "사람"이 "집"에서 어떤 위치에서 시간을 많이 보내며 어떤 경험을 원하는지/필요로 하는지 통찰해 보면 얻어낼 수 있습니다. 결국 이러한 모든 고민은 사람에 대한 고민입니다. 어떻게 더 편하게, 더 많은 시간을 들여 좋아하는 사람들과 보낼수 있는데 집중할 수 있게 하는 - 이게 그냥 입발린 말이 아니라 진짜입니다). 이 "사람의 가정의 재발견" 의 최종 목적지는 앞서 말한대로 집이 우리의 목소리와 의도를 모두 알아 들으며 정보를 자신이 접근 가능한 곳곳에서 동시다발적으로 얻을 수 있게 되는 것입니다(스마트폰, 스마트 홈 오디오(태블랫 포함 - 구글은 이미 이 장비 1년 전에 내놓았습니다. 소프트웨어 기업인데도 배울 점이 있습니다. 특히나 인공지능 경험이 너무 극단적으로 차이나게 되면 사용자들은 선택의 여지가 없게 될 가능성이 높습니다. 젊은 사람들만의 것이다? 절대로 아닙니다. 이 것은 기성 및 실버 시장에 더욱 더 큰 가능성을 가지고 있습니다. 젊은 사람들은 가서 누르고 얻어오면 되지만 저희 할머니는 거동이 편치 않으셔셔 말씀으로 부탁할 수 있는 것들이 생기면 (어색하기는 하겠지만) 많은 도움을 받으실 수 있고 할 수 있는 일이 훨신 더 많아져 (익숙해지고 나면) 더 젊은 삶을 사실 수 있게 됩니다 - 물론 본인께서 원하시는게 중요하기는 하지만 - 그렇기에 기술적 활성화 에너지 장벽을 최소화시켜 진짜 우리 할머니도 쓰실 수 있을 정도로 적용시켜 드린다 하는 마인드로 만들다 보면 - 핵심적인 가능한 목적달성을 중심으로 하나씩 - 많은 시장을 선도해 나갈 것으로 기대됩니다 ( 사실 현재의 그러한 심리스 인테그레이션이 일어나지 못하는 이유는 특정 회사나 집단의 문제가 아니라 아직 그 플랫폼 자체가 충분히 무르익지 못해 연결이 쉽지 않은 현실입니다 - 그렇기에 누군가 잘못한 것이라기보다는 열린 기회의 시장이니 먼저  선점하는 쪽이 그것을 전부 가지고 갑니다. ).\
88. This technology will empower so much for humanity that you can't even imagine yet. Think of how much time you spend for house choirs every day. Being freed from that time will give you the same potentials of the rich that have their own people working for them. Too much to say but will not. Anyhow, humanity will find it's new possibilities(which is many - to name some, able to spend more time with the ones you love, other than being struck by so much tasks every day, being able to focus more on the important work and focusing on them seamlessly to earn more inspiration and creativity).\
88K. 스마트 홈 및 스마트 모빌리티는 사람이 시간을 보내는 대부분의 장소입니다. 이렇듯 앞으로의 시장 규모는 (언제나 그랬듯) 사람이 시간을 보내고 사람이 필요로 하는 곳에서 형성됩니다. 기술적 한계 때문에 사람들의 사는 방식이 그러했듯, 사람들의 사는 방식도 근본적으로 기술의 발전과 함께 계속 변화합니다. 과연 절대적인 사람 삶의 방식의 최종 목적지는 무엇일까요? 그것은 저만 알지만 굳이 말하지는 않겠고, 인문학적 연구를 토대로, 인간의 본성에 대해 확실한 이해를 하고 나면 알 수 있습니다(제가 말한 내용 중에는 아쉽게도 없습니다. 유사한 것은 있겠지만요.). 어찌 되었든 스마트 홈(IoT 및 가전-가전이 곧 ioT이고 ioT가 곧 가전입니다) 및 스마트 모빌리티(전기차를 기반으로 한 스마트 시티 - 사람이 밖으로 나가면 겪는 모든 에피소드들)가 최소 15년간의 먹거리로 손색이 없고(큰 규모) 당장 실천할 방안으로도 부족함이 없습니다(현재 가지고 있는 것을 기반으로). (88. 번역) 이 기술은 인간의 가능성을 너무나도 확장시켜 아직 당신이 상상하지도 못할 정도일 것이다. 하루종일 집안 일에 들이는 시간을 생각해 보라. 그것을 자유롭게 해준다는 것 만으로도 돈이 많아 사람들을 둬 시키는 그 부자들과도 같은 인생을  살 수 있다는 뜻이 된다. 할 말은 많지만 하지 않는다(시간이 없어서). 어쨌든, 인류는 그 새로운 가능성을 찾을 것이다(워낙 많다. 몇가지를 들자면, 매일의 일과 집안일에 치이기보단 사랑하는 사람들과 보내는 시간이 훨신 더 길어질 것이며, 더 중요하고 창의력과 영감을 필요로 하는 일에 더 많이 집중할 수 있게 되어 인류가 생산하는 지혜(지식, 도구, 제품, 드라마, 노래 , 등등) 가 더 많아지게 된다).
89K. 다 잘하고 있었는데 자존심 하나 때문에 망신을 당했다면 그 부분 인정하고, 사과하고, 있었던 일을 사실대로 이야기하고, 잘 매듭지어 해결하는 모습을 보이면 위기를 기회로 만들며 더 많은 존경을 받을 수 있습니다. 영화는 그렇게 끝났고(이런 싸이코패스 드라마.. 미화해버렷), 감시는 제안한 대로 하기로 공표하면 될 것 같습니다. 내가 요구하는 것은 그것 뿐입니다. \
90K. 국제 사회에서 존경을 받지 못하면 지금 말하는 모든 것들이 다 쓸모없습니다. 특히나 제품/기술은 그나마 괜찮은데 문화라면야 더더욱요.. 그리고 그것을 기반으로 다른 것들이 선순환 하려는 전략을 짠다면야 더욱. 어떤 것을 해야 하느냐? 트집잡기도 좋지만(나는 좋다고 했습니다. 너무 과도하게 "이용해 먹으며" 눈살 찌푸리게 되는 행동 하시는 것은 선진국 시민으로써 자제해 주셨으면 좋겠습니다. 그런 행동이 일어나는 이유는 기본적으로는 "잘못된" 것 까지는 아니지만 운명 공동체, 자신보다 큰 어떠한 것에 대한 아무런 자각 및 생각이 없다는 안쓰러운 방증일 뿐입니다. 그렇게 하는 것이 "나쁜" 것은 아니지만 스스로의 "안쓰러움"을 불러일으켜 자신의 "자존심"을 스스로 쓰레기처럼 짓밟고 있는 사실은 아픈 마음을 금할 길이 없네요. 자존심 및 자부심이 높으신 분들이시니 그런 일 "해도 되지만" 보는 눈들이 많으니 스스로 자제하시면 자존심 높게 사실 수 있겠습니다. 그리고 이제는 중진국이 아닌 선진국으로 나아가고 그에 걸맞는 존경을 받고자 한다면 그에 걸맞는 책임과 이끌어 나가고 모범을 보인다는 자세가 있으면 "좋을 수도 있겠습니다". 강요되는 것은 없습니다. 급하게 성장해온 민족이니 처음에는 시행착오가 있을 수 있습니다. 우리나라처럼 급격히 발전하여 나이 차이가 28세밖에 나지 않는 아버지와 아들이 아버지는 소를 치며 쟁기로 농밭을 가셨고, 고작 28년 뒤의 아들은 완벽한 도시사회 속에서 해외 스무디를 마시며(햄버거를 먹고) 초첨단 기술을 당연히 누리게 되는 사회는 전 세계적으로 거의 우리가 유일합니다. 시행착오는 당연하고 누구 하나도 그것을 당연하게 기대하지 않습니다. 그리고 물론 당연하게 누구 하나도 "어느 특정 나라의 모든 사람들이 모두 현명하고 모두 똑똑하고 모두 바르기를" 바라지는 않으니 오점이 하나 있다고, 오류가 하나 있다고, 미비한 점이 하나 있다고 너무 스스로 자책하실 필요는 없다고 생각됩니다(만약 그런 우리만의 꿈꾸는 사회를 만든다면 전 세계 - 아님 전 우주가 아니라면 - 가 감동하게 되겠지요) 먼저 주고, 더 큰 국제 사회의 고민들, 인류 사회의 고민들을 함께 해나가는 모습을 보이고 책임감 있는 고민을 하는 모습을 보여야 합니다. 그런 마음에도 없는 것 하면서 고상한 척 하기 싫다라기 보단.. 사람이 사랑하며 산다는데 그것을 돕는게 싫을 이유가 있나요. 그리고 21세기는 20세기와 다르게 이렇게 먼저 주면 플랫폼이라는 경제 가치가 되어 돌아옵니다. 한마디로 자본주의적 가치를 실현하는 데도(악하고 그런 것 말고 앞서 언급한 win-win) 필수적입니다.\
91K. 먹고 사느라 어쩔 수 없다. 상대의 것을 뺏어야 한다. 맞습니다. 자본주의 경쟁이 일어나다 보면 사람 사는 다양한 모든 일들이 일어나기 마련입니다. 그렇다 보면 결국 내 이익과 생존권을 지켜야 하는데 어떻게 해야 하는가. 그렇기에 생존권과 삶을 모두 지키며 이익을 보고, 존경까지 얻고 이 방식으로 성공시켜 나가려면 결과적으로 제가 말한 부분들을 해나가야 합니다. 아마도 제가 말한 부분(전부, 그러나, 말하지 못한 부분도 많은데, 우선은)이 실천되지 않고 한 쪽으로만 기운다면 여러분들이 꿈꾸던 세상은 오지 않을 가능성이 극히 높습니다. 오지 않으면 아비규환이 오겠지만 모른 척 하고 있겠습니다.\
92K. 우선 있는 것을 쓸어버리지 말고 있는 것을 잘 하고, 문화를 적극 육성하여 해외에 제공하여 나라를 알리고, 국제적인 존경을 다양한 역할로 잘 하며 받고(국제적인 지형상 중재자 역할이 실로 막중하기도 하며 해야 할 일이기는 합니다 - 살기 위해서이기도 한데 -), 다양한 형제 국가들을 만들어 함께 앞서 나가고 돕고(감사함이 남지 않을 것 같지만 감사함은 실로 가장 오래 남는 것 중 하나입니다. 터키 형제들도 지금까지도 우리에 대한 좋은 인상들을 가지고 있습니다. 얼마나 감사한가요. 감사함은 감사함을 낳으며 계속 발전해 나갑니다. 이러한 사람들이 하나씩 늘어난다는게 정말이지 큰 역할이고 기업 보다도 더 큰 경제 기여가 될 수 있습니다(물론 경제적인 목적만으로 서로 돕는 것은 아니겠습니다만은). 그런 선진국의 이미지(라고 하면 그 바퀴벌레식 욕심 그득한 싸이코패스짓이(백도비) 떠오르시겠습니다만 그것 말고 진심을 다한) "모습"은 당장은 아무 돈이 안 되는 것처럼 보이겠습니다만은 마치 나무를 50년, 사람을 100년 심듯이 그러한 감사함과 고마움은 긴 시간 동안 우리에게 많은 것들을 가져올 것입니다.(이 목적이 아니고 진짜 서로에 대한 이해, 공동의 번영, 함께 성장하는 것이 되어야겠지요. 왜 그렇냐? 백도비는 모르겠지만 사람은 그 목적을 금새 쉽게 알아차립니다. 진심이 아니면 하지 않는 것이 차라리 이로울 수 있습니다. 경제를 하지 말라는 것이 아닙니다(공동의 경제번영은 이롭습니다.).\
93K. 백도비는 산 채로 묻어야 합니다. 여기까지 정리하고 이만 물러갑니다. 싸이코패스가 저를 살생부에 적고 돌아다니는 사회에서는 살 수가 없겠습니다.\
94. There is no hate on this. I am calling the straight truth on which all of you have witnessed and experienced. The final villain [Do Hyun Baek](https://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id=100008152999198) who has done all this burning has to be targeted. To generate no more innocent victims who get accused as Evil.
95. My mind is heavy to do such, but there are things in the world that need to be done to stop more hate and distruction. Everyone now will be aware of what that COCHAROCH has done(go listen to the people that have been involved if needed so. The COCHAROCH WILDFIRED the whole Seoul National University - which is proud to be in South Korea - just to fraud a girl to fulfill his animal instincts) and so many innocent victims has come and gone. I hope all truth must be revealed and the COCHAROCH's crazy BS stops here. And all people go live their free and happy lives.
96. The man will bring great harms to your lands, so I must strongly declare to all of you NOT TO TRUST THE SCAMMER and don't play by his books. It will end in great disaster and evil. [Do Hyun Baek](https://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id=100008152999198) IS A BIG WILDFIRE SCAMMER WHO NEEDS GREAT CAUTION AND SURVEILLENCE.
97. That is all.
97k. 쓰레기를 하나 사랑으로 옹호하다가 실수를 한 것은 모두가 이해할 수 있는 사실입니다. 그 쓰레기를 명확히 규정하고, 그 쓰레기가 올바르게 사과하며, 다시는 재발하지 않게 올바르게 처벌하고, 그것을 솔직히 사실대로 공표하는 것 만이 앞으로 나아갈 수 있는 유일한 방법입니다. 개인적으로는 가장 올바르게 이 불장난을, 그리고 우리가 그 불장난에 정말 무식하게 놀아났다는 사실을 용서 받으려면 백도비를 산 채로 묻어서 위에 나무를 심는 강경책말고는 후환이 돌아올 것을 알 고 있지만 강요하지는 않겠습니다. \
98k. 내가 하는 말이 그래 미친놈처럼 들립니까? \
99k. 한글로도 여기까지가 끝입니다. \
100. This is one-hundred
101. We really need to do more on edge. Making it efficient is essential and it is possible!
