# 201905

## 20190516[Hard]
Problem : Given an array of integers, find the first missing positive integer in linear time and constant space. In other words, find the lowest positive integer that does not exist in the array. The array can contain duplicates and negative numbers as well.
For example, the input [3, 4, -1, 1] should give 2. The input [1, 2, 0] should give 3.
You can modify the input array in-place.

1. sorting it simply gives TC O(nlogn), SC O(1).
2. we can scan it in two sides marking them with -99999 or something
3. get the add sum and infer the missing one by subtraction(not feasible as duplicates are present)
4. simply sort array by negative and positive. TC O(n) and SC O(1) can be added to any additional logic
5. sorting will not work, searching every interger won't work
6. using another array won't work because of SC
7. marking them, reordering them, using interval sums are the candidates to solution
8. using addition(sum) to find current missing - cannot track from sum
9. putting a tail tracker at tail, and putting positive intergers with it. pre search the minimum positive integer and put it at tail. track the minimum inexistent integer. if a new positive interger hits the minimum inexistent integer, add it. tail is at the smallest existent integer but bigger than the minimum inexistent integer >> which these two variables track the minimum empty interval.
10. idk if it works on general cases, need to code then make test cases. Something could have been wrong but I think it's the right way
11. doing it later
